🚧(build) build and make project on windows (#1288)
openfun/marsha: README.md

⚠️ You may need to run the following commands with `sudo` but this can be avoided by assigning your user to the `docker` group.

> Marsha use extensivly GNU make with a makefile gathering most of usefull commands to run when developing on marsha.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marsha uses extensively GNU make with a makefile gathering most of useful commands to run when developing on marsha.
```

Author: 97769cf
